release: v1.47.0 (#5180)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_geal_input_enum_validation.md

> ### Validate enum values in input variables ([Issue #4633](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4633))
> 
> The Router will now validate enum values provided in JSON variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Validate enum values in input variables ([Issue #4633](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4633))

The router now validates enum values provided in JSON variables. Invalid enum values result in `GRAPHQL_VALIDATION_FAILED` errors.
```
